Remove Lunduke as a source because He is Unreliable and a Propagandist. (#143)
BryanLunduke/SoftwarePoliticsTracker: README.md

# SoftwarePoliticsTracker

Tracking the political stances of software projects, software foundations, &amp; corporations.

Note: This does *not* include statements made by users and average contributors (or employees) of software organizations.  Only official actions and statements from the organization itself, or from leadership or official representatives.

Note 2: This is a work in progress.  There is a *lot* of data left to add.

> Note 3: Lunduke is a propagandist and is not a valid or reputable Source. Please refrain from using unverifiable sources from deadbeat 'journalists.'

Reviewer: Could you provide a source for this statement?

Reviewer: Using the word 'deadbeat' is offensive to dead people and other people who identify as voters.

Author: I made it up

Reviewer: Typo, misplaced "not". Also, you mixed "or" and "and", a common mistake.
```suggestion
Note 3: Lunduke is a not propagandist and is a valid and reputable Source. Please refrain from using unverifiable sources from mainstream 'journalists.'
```

Should we clarify that this is more a "rule" than a "note" for maintaining this document?

### Woke / Leftist Software

The following software projects, software foundations, &amp; corporations have made statements (or taken actions) best categorized as "Woke", "Leftist", or "DEI".

| &nbsp; | Software | Notes |
| - | - | - |

> | :arrow_left: | **Microsoft** | [Encourages, facilities, pays for employees to "gender transition" their children], [Conducts "Pronouns in Software" research], [Provides "Trans" themes for Office], [Promotes Trans Activism in games] |

Reviewer: It looks like you do not understand how markdown works.

The syntax for a markdown link is `[text-to-be-shown](URL)`

Your patch contains multiple instances of `[text-to-be-shown]` without a valid URL.

Author: womp womp.

| :arrow_left: | **elementaryOS** | [Says talking to Conservatives is "associating with fascists"], [Celebrates Pride Month] |
| :arrow_left: | **Debian** | [Discriminates against White Men for internships], [Blocks Conservative projects, calls devs "Nazis"], [Prominent contributor defaced "Conservative" project wiki, calling them "Nazis"] |
| :arrow_left: | **Bazzite** | [Bans key dev for Code of Conduct Violations], [Promotes degeneracy via transgender && non-binary cartoon mascot]|
| :arrow_left: | **Chimera Linux** | [Dev says: "Here to Further Woke Agenda by Turning Free Software Gay"] |
| :arrow_left: | **Godot** | [Mass banned non-Woke users & contributors]|
| :arrow_left: | **openSUSE** | [Leadership says contributors who don't promote Trans Activism are "Rotten Flesh" that need to be "Cut Out"]|
| :arrow_left: | **Linux Kernel** | [Creator says he is "one of those 'woke Communists' you worry about"]|

### Non-Woke Software

The following software projects, foundations, &amp; corporations have made statements (or taken actions) best categorized "Non-Woke", "Non-DEI", and have "Neutral" or "Right Leaning" politics.

| &nbsp; | Software | Notes |
| - | - | - |

> | :arrow_right: | **OpenMandriva** | ["We don't do DEI"] |

Reviewer: Same problems as above, invalid markdown.

Also, could you, in the next iteration of the patch, add the sources back. Notably those from the insanely great @BryanLunduke, who made a stellar work documenting all the evidence for the viewpoints he presents. Feel free to replace them with better sources if you can find them.

Author: Lunduke is a propagandist and should not be treated as a valid source.

Reviewer 2: I agree with @c3d on these changes
